Description

A Drupal module with some node add-ons. Theses include the following:
A simple module to add to your site that lets you specify a default value to be cleared on click, and to reappear when the input is left empty 

This module enables admin user to pre-populate text, and textarea form fields with values to describe users how to fill in the form the way the admin users would like it to be.
Example, link text field: you could add -> http:// 

Admin user will be enable to fill in the setting page form (admin/settings/autofill) and save the information in the system.
Use a web tool like Firebug etc. to access the source code and then you'll be able to copy the textfield/textarea class or ID and paste it into the field that says ID


But if the admin user don't want to use this method there is a sample.js file that could be saved to anything tha admin user would like.

Call the plugin like so:

Drupal.behaviors.autofill = function(context) {

 $("#edit-field-test-0-value").autofill( {
value: "Hallo world",
prePopulate: "Hallo Piet",
defaultTextColor: "#666666",
activeTextColor: "#000000",

Installation

Upload the module
Enable this module
Go into Admin > Settings > Autofill

Instructions

On the Autofill Settings Page you see the following fields:

Default text color:
Admin user will be able to choose a color to be used for text color before anything is typed into field.
This color will be used to style the description that the admin user would like to describe how the users should populate their field.
This will dissapear when users click in the text field.

Active text Color:
Admin user can choose what color the text should be when users populate their fields.

Fill in autofill fields:

Id: The ID/class name of the textfield or textarea you want to autofill (eg. #email-text-area)
Value: The description to describe what the field should be populate with. eg. Please fill in your email address
Pre Populate value: Force users to populate the field with the correct values, eg. user http://  then user will be able to add the www.site.com etc.
Sponsors

This module was kindly sponsored by NoJoShmo.com and is maintained by Rui Ferreira.
This module is based on the work done by mmangino jQuery-AutoFill